# Free Writing Section

It has begun here. I am typing things into my computer and I will not press backspace. maybe only if I forget somepunctuation. it's okay if I don't capitalize or look only at the keyboard. i just wan to get ideas down. i'm wray and i do things i'm wray and i do things. It's okay that i look at the keyboard. I want a job. I want a better job. I want to work at mozilla. i've been doing this shit for 10 years and I thnk that i deserve to work at ap lace that is awesome like mozilla because it is cool and i've done some work for them in the past. I don't want to think about tying . I didn't want to hit backspace but I did for just a moment. I like synths kind of but i'm starting to get tired of them. I used to make a lot more music but i haven't done a lot of that lately. I used to make albums but now I just kind of dick around alo t. I try explaining a lot of the things that i'm into to other peoples and often they don'tknow what the heck I'm talking about and I've ogtten used to the idea that I t will always be that way and I'll always feel sort of alone and isolated as f long as i keep living in these stupid place s and dating the same sort of people and never growins g and bill shit like that. Anyway, so yeah I used to dfo ux things but i'm just a programmer i currently work at a place where we make software that IT professionals use to manage the backups of other peopl's ocomputers. It's the UI part though not the foundational technology part that you're probably actually using through the commodity software as a service known as Pulseway. No, I make the UI that hardly anyone ever uses. People who run buisnesses and expect business software kind of shit. Okay so now that that's out ofg the way, what else? Well, I like to tell myself that I started an art collective called RBK.org and I sometimes tell myself that because of that I'm an artists. I do make some art sometimes but i don't do a lot of that sort of thing anymore. I'm amusician too . i'm sure i mentioned the albums and all that already. I did not mention the library thing yet. Yeah i worked at alibrary. I don't read a lot of books. I always feltt guilty about that. I like movies a lot. my mom taught film studes but I'm not ehre to talk about my parents because they don'tdefine my identity. I'm apretty independent person but I'm also sad. I don't really know what I'm doing with my life. I used to not be afraid of death and stuff but i'm starting to feel the beginnings of what it means to get old and tired and especially jaded, though i think i've been jaded for a very long time -- since i was a teen. when i was in high school i got started making webpsages and I've since then thought that makes em the perfect person for any web related position but that's not necessarily true. i've grown up to realize that there's plenty of young people who know all sorts of things thast I don't They've learned so much so fast because they didn't have to unlearn so many things, and they're faster because they're not carrying around baggage like I do. I remember writing JavaScript 3.1. I remember Flash. I remember Windows 3.1. Vaguely. I don't use Windows anymore so I'm not about to put Microsoft Office on my resume. Isn't that funny? Most people seem to think that's the most important thing to put on any resume, but I'll tell you right now I never ever open Office 365. Never. It's garbage. I can do so much more with a native mail client, a web browser, and a notification systyem. I think that's plenty and if I miss a thing or two I think it's just because I'm human. I want to stay in a flow. I like the small of the yard when I walk out the back door. I like seeing my dog smile. I like the chickens. I've got a complicated relationship with a woman that's 42 years old. I'm 38 and definitely not 28 anymore. I used to be younger and better. I used to be younger and worse, too. I buy a lot of things I don't need. I dont really know what I'm doing. I am trying to build stuff but I kind of suck at it. The chip shortage really slowed me down. I guess if I was going to break up what i do into categories it would be like.. media so igdb and dreams and imdb and maybe book recomendations and links and then that dovetails into my friends and connections i have both professionally and people that i just think are nice because It's not all about me. I want people to know that there are other people that are cool and important to me. ok and then there's my family. my dad's art, and my br5other's wine and my mom's geocaching and those are cool too. Ok and then finally me. i made a bunch of music. that's #1. I am making modules that's #2. I make recipes and I'mt rying to live a sustainable small life that might be #4 or something idk because i lost count. and then #5 would be the art i made over the years. Oh right and then the professional stuff i do that's the stuff i'm supposed to be writing about eventually but i don't really want to talk about it much. i guess i'm a citizen of the OG internet or something like that even though i don't use a lot of BBS or forum things. i write on twitter a lbunch but hardly anyone follows me on there. nobody listens to what i have to say. i could write more about CSS on there if i wanted to but for whatever reason I don't. I'm pretty darn good a t it too which feels like a waste but so is knowing how to do a lot of the cool things that CSS can do because in the end someone will just want tailwind or bootstrap or some other garbage white rounded rectangle poo. I wish more people used grid lay outs that broke out of the grid. I still think that's amazing and hard to do. i wish there was vector software that would use the spiro spline and i wanted to be the person to finally crack that code but i got tired and lazy. i probably have opinions that i could turn into blog posts about that and i know i've starte dwriting about those things but ultimately i never finihs writing about them. I know a lot about computer graphics but it is now seldom applied to anything. i used to know how to write GLSL shaders pretty well. I want to work for Mozilla because it's acompany that I believe in. Kaeya is just a job to me. and the money ids dcent but it's not the company that i want to work for really. it's just a job. i want to be able to say i work for a ocmpany that i really care about and it's obvious that mozilla would be the right choice. It would either be them or EFF obut probably never google or facebook. if w ic ould work for Wikipedia somehow or some other ORG that's trying tto make the world better. it doesn't even need to be that big but the money would have to be solid enough to sustain the dumb house i bought. that's a concern i have unfortunately. i like working from home too, but i wouldn't turn down working for a great company if it meant i had to move somewhere else. in the grand scheme of things i've likely only got 20-25 years left and then i'll burn out. i am not even sure if my career willl carry me that far because AI will take over a lot of what I do in just the next year or so. I wouldn't mind working for a company like Maze or Optimal Workshop that helps brands and public orgs like libraries -which i now have a huge softspot for of course-help people find what they need more organizally. to find a person that can help them. i want to be able to give my ideas away but i sort of worry about having my ideas stolen. then again i have a lot of ideas that i know i will never make time for so i think i should start writing them down here and claiming with certainty (or not) that they're worth persuing (anyway). Fuck oil companies.
